oh that I whereas in months past as in
oh that I whereas in months past as in the days when God watched over me with
the days when God watched over me with
the days when God watched over me with his lamp shone upon my head and went by
his lamp shone upon my head and went by
his lamp shone upon my head and went by his light I walked through darkness just
his light I walked through darkness just
his light I walked through darkness just as I was in the days of my prime when
as I was in the days of my prime when
as I was in the days of my prime when the friendly counsels of God was over my
the friendly counsels of God was over my
the friendly counsels of God was over my tent when the almighty was yet with me
tent when the almighty was yet with me
tent when the almighty was yet with me when my children were around me when my
when my children were around me when my
when my children were around me when my steps were bathed with cream and the
steps were bathed with cream and the
steps were bathed with cream and the rock poured out rivers of oil for me
rock poured out rivers of oil for me
rock poured out rivers of oil for me when I went out to the gate by the city
when I went out to the gate by the city
when I went out to the gate by the city when I took my seat in the open square
when I took my seat in the open square
when I took my seat in the open square the young men saw me and hid and the
the young men saw me and hid and the
the young men saw me and hid and the aged arose and stood the princes
aged arose and stood the princes
aged arose and stood the princes refrained from talking and put their
refrained from talking and put their
refrained from talking and put their hand on their mouths the voice of nobles
hand on their mouths the voice of nobles
hand on their mouths the voice of nobles was hushed and their tongue stuck to the
was hushed and their tongue stuck to the
was hushed and their tongue stuck to the roof of their mouths when the ear heard
roof of their mouths when the ear heard
roof of their mouths when the ear heard then it blessed me and when the I saw
then it blessed me and when the I saw
then it blessed me and when the I saw then it approved me because I delivered
then it approved me because I delivered
then it approved me because I delivered the poor who cried out the fatherless
the poor who cried out the fatherless
the poor who cried out the fatherless and the one who had no helper the
and the one who had no helper the
and the one who had no helper the blessing of a perishing man came upon me
blessing of a perishing man came upon me
blessing of a perishing man came upon me and I caused the widow's heart to sing
and I caused the widow's heart to sing
and I caused the widow's heart to sing for joy I put on righteousness and had
for joy I put on righteousness and had
for joy I put on righteousness and had clothed me my justice was like a robe
clothed me my justice was like a robe
clothed me my justice was like a robe and a turban I was eyes to the blind and
and a turban I was eyes to the blind and
and a turban I was eyes to the blind and I was feet to the lame I was a father to
I was feet to the lame I was a father to
I was feet to the lame I was a father to the poor and I searched out the case
the poor and I searched out the case
the poor and I searched out the case that I did not know I broke the fangs of
that I did not know I broke the fangs of
that I did not know I broke the fangs of the wicked and plucked the victim from
the wicked and plucked the victim from
the wicked and plucked the victim from his teeth then I said I shall die in my
his teeth then I said I shall die in my
his teeth then I said I shall die in my nest and multiply my days as the sand
nest and multiply my days as the sand
nest and multiply my days as the sand my root is spread out to the waters and
my root is spread out to the waters and
my root is spread out to the waters and the dew lies all night on my branch my
the dew lies all night on my branch my
the dew lies all night on my branch my glory is fresh within me and my bow is
glory is fresh within me and my bow is
glory is fresh within me and my bow is renewed in my hand men listened to me
renewed in my hand men listened to me
renewed in my hand men listened to me and waited and kept silence for my
and waited and kept silence for my
and waited and kept silence for my counsel after my words they did not
counsel after my words they did not
counsel after my words they did not speak again and my speech settled on the
speak again and my speech settled on the
speak again and my speech settled on the message dude they waited for me as for
message dude they waited for me as for
message dude they waited for me as for the rain and they opened their mouth
the rain and they opened their mouth
the rain and they opened their mouth wide as for the spring rain if I mocked
wide as for the spring rain if I mocked
wide as for the spring rain if I mocked at them they did not believe it and the
at them they did not believe it and the
at them they did not believe it and the light of my countenance they did not
light of my countenance they did not
light of my countenance they did not cast down I chose the way for them and
cast down I chose the way for them and
cast down I chose the way for them and satyrs chief
satyrs chief
satyrs chief so I dwelt as a king in the army as one
so I dwelt as a king in the army as one
so I dwelt as a king in the army as one who comforts mourners
who comforts mourners
who comforts mourners [Music]
[Music]
[Music] you
you
you [Music]